Ok very good THANK YOU. Document generation is done you've done all the heavy lifting for me. Now this is where the human element comes in. I did write numerous phrases in English because it had some humor in them I will give you the exact quotes and chapters I want you to find someplace. DO NOT: reword (EXCEPT FOR TYPOS) what I said make it EXACT but it has to fit into the larger sentence structure so you may have to write wrapper text around it or delete portions you wrote and replace it with my prose.

Add a check to the verification process if these quotes dont appear in the book it is considered invalid!

CHAPTER 1 QUOTES
"It does not matter whether UFOs are result of government funding top-secret black budget projects, or aliens from a distant galaxy, time travelers from the year 2939, or simply hallucinations of the mind. In each case regardless of whether the explanation is the one true and genuine answer for the existence of UFO’s, all will open new areas of study and investigation."

"The fallacy of language plays a huge role in all of science and how we go about inferring results and interpreting data from studies, and should always be taken into careful consideration."

"In the field of Ufology there are NO theories. None. There are only rumors, speculation, and any number of explanations for the phenomena. These are the UFO hypotheses; the ancient alien hypothesis, the abduction hypothesis, and the government classified top secret technology hypothesis, the reptillian hybrid hypothesis of David Ike to name a few. This is because of one simple fact that the entire foundation of science rests upon: Science MUST be falsifiable. Any experiment in which the scientist proposes one outcome will happen, must allow for the chance and possibility (even if very small) that the entire opposite will happen. This is the scientific premise Ufology lacks, and the one thing preventing it from become an officially recognized field of inquiry. "

"Take the case of the hypothetical husband for instance whose fingerprints are found on the weapon used to kill his wife. According to Occam’s Razor, that man is guilty of murder! How else could one explain the existence of his fingerprints on the weapon OTHER than the simplest answer: he killed his wife. Preposterous you say! That man loved his wife. You suggest he was framed by the true murderer, for what other explanation could there be for such an egregious act from a loving husband? The argument you now present in defense of the husband’s innocence entirely contradicts the notion first proposed under Occam’s razor as you've introduced new variables into the equation. Yet how easy it would be to now assert that this is the NEW simplest answer. Regardless of what any investigation discovers about the wife’s murder, you will ALWAYA be able to assert that the new explanation is now the truth, not because it is simplistic, but because it is true. The investigation into the murder may in fact discover a plot that spans 10 years and includes 3 assassins, 2 lovers, 12 kitchens knives, and a rowboat! Just because the answer is complex does not mean it is false."

"Many of the greatest scientific discoveries of all time resulted as complete accident, or because the scientists trying to prove one thing discover something else entirely unrelated. That is the conjecture I put forth."

"Remember the next time you encounter an episode or idea from the show Ancient Aliens: even broken clocks are correct twice a day."

"1000 monkeys typing at random on a keyboard for the duration of eternity will eventually write the complete works of Shakespeare. No logical person would reason that these monkeys have the literary capacity and creativity of grasping the profound influence of William Shakespeare. Neither should it be concluded upon immediate discovery that we are no longer alone in this universe."

"Fun Fact: A philosophical razor is not in any way sharp or pointy but is simply an idea or rule of thumb to abide by when drawing conclusions using a skeptical mind. Occam’s Razor for instance is likely the best-known example of such. Occam’s razor states that in the case of 2 possible solutions or answers to a question; chances are the simpler of the two is more likely to be right. Occam’s razor however is often used as a <b>strawman</b> argument to simply debunk UFO’s by asserting that conventional wisdom can explain it away. Swamp gas, weather balloons, the planet Venus, hallucinations, mass hallucinations, hysteria, hoaxes, airplanes, ball lightning, frisbees and flares you name it; it’s all rubbish!"

CHAPTER 2 QUOTES
"Before I present some arbitrarily specific definition for the word: UFOLOGY, I intend to take a step back for a moment. In effort to make it clear to the audience that the following presented is a definition of ufology as defined by myself, and myself alone. There have been many countless researchers, and scientists that have come before me to bear the title of: UFOLOGIST, and they may interpret the word in an entirely different manner to my own; and that’s OK. They may disregard everything I put forth, however most of the knowledge I have gained on the subject matter has in one form or another come from my infatuation with the research of these scientists."

"Ufology in it’s simplistic of forms is a study of claims. Claims that are made about the supernatural. Claims about: alien abduction, crop circles, time travel, life in the universe, and parapsychology. For it CAN ONLY BE study of claims, as there is no way to objectively recreate on demand for the purposes of testing in a controlled scientific environment these UFOs. Welcome to the science of the fringe."

"What then does it mean to be a Ufologist? What does it take? If no university or scholarly institute will even indulge in subjects such as this? Where might a person learn to become a scholarly profit of such knowledge? To answer these questions, it must first be stated that ufology involves the professions of nearly every conceivable job on earth. In what regard you may ask? A Ufologist is anyone who makes considerable effort of their time to either research, contribute to, or profess the subject. No not in the fashion of a cult, but in the shear endless wonder of human curiosity.

Passion is really all it takes. Think of other things in life for instance that one may be passionate about. If you play an instrument for example, I am sure you have a passion for your music. But passion alone does not make you a musician, you must also have the skill of playing said instrument. What about a doctor? Because you passionately watch videos of open-heart surgery on YouTube? I think I’ll take my chances with the cancer. So, you’re not a doctor, and I’m afraid you aren’t The Doctor either! What about Ufologist though? In terms of the skills; it’s whatever you bring to the table, and that skill is driven by passion alone when applied to the field of UFO investigation.

As a result, nearly everyone from physicists to journalists, politicians, historians, statisticians, philosophers, artists, linguists, authors, archeologists, chemists, biologists, astronomers, psychologists, theologians, police, pilots, and the military have in some way either been directly or independently involved in the vast history of investigating and reporting or professing on the subject of UFOs."

CHAPTER 3 QUOTES
"This evidence includes but is not limited to physical debris, radiation exposure, records from radar stations, photographs and drawings, eye witness testimony, video and audio, unexplainable death, missing persons cases, damage to surrounding area, traces of mysterious toxins, implantations, and yes EVEN DISAPPEARING BABIES FROM THE WHOM OF THEIR MOTHER!!!"

CHAPTER 7 QUOTES
"The message that was deciphered in 2010 in Sgt. Jim Penniston’s notebook was exactly 16 pages longs and roughly equates to 302 individual characters (yes spaces included). Let’s just say an even 300. The message at 300 letters long would require 2400 individual 1’s or 0’s to comprise the data within and would take up 2.4 KB of space on your computer hard drive. (Because each 1 or 0 represented in say a text file requires 8 bits in itself to record). That’s over half the entire storage capacity of NASA’s state of the art guidance system for the Gemini Missions conducted just 15 years prior to the supposed interaction with a UFO in Rendlesham Forest! [citzation needed]"

"The handwriting speed of the average human is approximately 68 characters per minute. [citzation needed] Given that information, one could deduce that writing numbers frivolously into a notebook without thought as Penniston claims he did is a task that would take him approximately 35 minutes to accomplish. Imagine that! Writing nothing but 1’s and 0’s at random onto the pages of a small notebook for nearly a solid 40 minutes! I think given the accuracy of the translated text to convert to legible English indicates it’s obvious that such a task as writing over two thousand 1’s and 0’s was NOT done randomly! [citzation needed]"

CHAPTER 11 QUOTES
"When I first began research into the subject of UFOs there was one thing above all I could not seem to shake from my desire to understand. Why? Why was there such contestable laughter and egregious indignation of the public’s opinion of the subject? It seemed to me as though aliens and UFOs had been cast into the same bin of unspeakable taboos along with sex, suicide, mental health and all the rest of the awkward and rarely spoken facts of human existence."

"Pacific Ocean hosts the explosion of the first US hydrogen bomb! The pill finally produced. Jackie Gleason was the freshest new comedian, and the largest. There were 104 drive in theaters in Canada (try and find one now). The year was 1952 and the United States was at the height of the UFO craze following the recently released movie “The Day the Earth Stood Still” and the apparent UFO crash just 5 years prior in the town of Roswell, New Mexico. By March of 1952, President Harry Truman had commissioned a team of high-ranking military officers to undergo the definitive UFO investigation. Following 2 prior investigations lead by the United States government known simply as Project Sign and Project Grudge, this third installment in the franchise was to be known as Project Blue Book."

"The Condon Report is a 965-page document of BULLSHIT!" - NOTES TO AI: WHY: the condon report doesn't argue UFO aren't real. It attempts to make the case that 0 scientific value comes from their investigation and that is NOT HOW SCIENCE WORKS!

CHAPTER 13 QUOTES
"I simply refuse to believe that a virgin gave birth on this planet. Especially not in the light of those pre flood stories talking about humans breeding with angels & demons.

I simply refuse to believe that biology behaves differently when it's in the presence of God."

CHAPTER 20 QUOTES
"Radio has proven to be one of the most successful and resilient technologies ever contrived. Having survived the development of not one, but two advancements in technology that were otherwise poised to render radio obsolete. First with the coming of television, and next with the inception and later explosion of the internet nearing the end of the 20th century. Yet even today; more than 20 years later, radio is at the forefront of media consumption not drowned out by, but rather along side of the internet and TV. Radio may even be attributed as the inspiration for the widely popular spread of podcasts as a form of entertainment."

"The subject of choice you ask? Well anything and everything from the occult, to ghosts and demons, aliens and UFO’s, crop circles, and the Bermuda triangle. Ley lines and ancient history, people who claim to be abducted, people who claim to be abducting, vampires, werewolves, men who superglue their mouth shut, the men in black, people pursued by the men in black, people pursuing the men in black, some guy who collects toenails, Roswell & alien autopsies, government secrets and Project Blue Book, space, time, the whole nine yards and yes everything INCLUDING the kitchen sink!!! In other words that show was WEEEIRD!"