1: "I like to regard myself as someone who’s capable of critical thought, that is to say,
who can evaluate claims." - Bill Nye
2: "Ufology is more than just flying saucers, and men who wear tin foil hats. It’s the
study of claims and how one goes about discerning fact from fiction." - Evan Svendsen
3: "Unlike scientology, science in the true sense of the word is open to unbiased investigation of any existing phenomena." - Stanislav Grof
4: "The Roswell incident, for instance, had over three hundred witnesses - some describing the bodies, some the craft, some the military procedures. Were they all perpetuating their own lives in a myth?" - Dwight Schultz
5: "I can assure you that flying saucers, given that they exist, are not constructed by
any power on Earth." - Harry S. Truman
6: "Three may keep a secret, if two of them are dead." - Benjamin Frakklin
7: "Originally, the burden of proof was on physicists to prove that time travel was
possible. Now the burden of proof is on them to prove there must be a law forbidding
time travel." - Dr. Michio Kaku
8: "I believe that these extra-terrestrial vehicles and their crews are visiting this planet
from other planets… Most astronauts were reluctant to discuss UFOs." - Gordon Cooper
9: "This is one corner… of one country, in one continent, on one planet that’s a corner
of a galaxy that’s a corner of a universe that is forever growing and shrinking and
creating and destroying and never remaining the same for a single millisecond.
And there is so much, so much to see." - The Doctor
10: "In order to understand more it is imperative that we improve our knowledge before
choosing which side of the fence we feel compelled to belong." - J. P. Robinson
11: "Leaks are not the problem; they are the solution. They reveal a disconnect between
what people want and need to know and what they actually do know. The greater
the secrecy, the more likely a leak." - Heather Brooke
12: "We are made of stardust, our whole body consists of material that has been here
before the beginning of time." - Giorgio A. Tsoukalos
13: "Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic." - Sir Arthur C. Clarke
14: "The greatest question of all is whether our experience on this planet is ‘it’ or
whether there is something else. Things in the supernatural realm give support,
strangely perhaps, to the things we take on faith." - Art Bell
15: "Hey, what if those crop circles are just ads for Target?" - Dennis Miller
16: "I am become death, the destroyer of worlds." - J. Robert Oppenheimer
17: "I’m kinda sad, though. All these underground tunnels and lasers, but instead of
having a rave we’re using them for evil." - Gordon Freeman
18: "" - X
19: "" - X
20: "" - X